Add SimpleFormIterator label function (#6305)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Inputs.md

</ArrayInput>
```

> Furthermore, if you want to customize the label displayed for each item, you can pass a function to `SimpleFormIterator` via the `labelFn` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if you want to customize the label displayed for each item, you can pass a function to `SimpleFormIterator` via the `getItemLabel` prop.
```

> Furthermore, if you want to manipulate the label displayed left of each item, you can pass a function to `SimpleFormIterator` via the `labelFn` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if you want to customize the label displayed for each item, you can pass a function to `SimpleFormIterator` via the `labelFn` prop.
```

Depending on the theme, the label might not be on the left

```jsx
import { ArrayInput, SimpleFormIterator, DateInput, TextInput } from 'react-admin';

<ArrayInput source="backlinks">

>     <SimpleFormIterator labelFn={(index) => `${index + 1}. link`}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <SimpleFormIterator getItemLabel={(index) => `${index + 1}. link`}>
```
